Added fix to stop the camera from setting itself to idle when an ongoing transition is canceled. (#5607)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android: CHANGELOG.md

- Mapbox Java `v6.4.0-beta.3` ([release notes](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-java/releases/tag/v6.4.0-beta.3))
- Mapbox Android Core `v5.0.1`
- Mapbox Android Telemetry `v8.1.1`

> - Refactored `NavigationCamera` to not set itself to idle properties if it cancels an active transition. [#5607](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5607)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :warning: Realigned all `NavigationCamera` transitions to not fallback to `Idle` if a transition is canceled to keep the behavior consistent and predictable (state transitions used to be cancelable while frame transitions weren't). If you need the `NavigationCamera` to reset to `Idle` on external interactions or cancellations, use `NavigationBasicGesturesHandler` or `NavigationScaleGestureHandler`. [#5607](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5607)
```

also the entry is in the wrong place in the changelog :upside_down_face:
